# Machine-Learning

## Python Cheat sheets

* [**Scikit-learn**](Scikit-Learn-cheat_sheets.pdf)
* [**Numpy-Python**](Numpy_Python_Cheat_Sheet.pdf)
* [**Python-For-Data-Science**](PythonForDataScience.pdf)
* [**Python Bokeh Cheat Sheet for data science**](Python_Bokeh_Cheat_Sheet-for-data-science.pdf)
* [**Text-data-cleaning-python**](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/06/quick-guide-text-data-cleaning-python/)
* [**Data-visualization-in-python**](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/06/data-visualization-in-python-cheat-sheet/)
* [**11-steps-perform-data-analysis-pandas-python**](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2015/07/11-steps-perform-data-analysis-pandas-python/)

## Machine Learning Cheat Sheets

* [**full-cheatsheet-machine-learning-algorithms using scikit-learn library**](MLalgorithmsUsingScikitLearnAlgorithm.pdf)
* [**Machine Learning Map**](ml_map.png)

## Machine Learning Interview Question

 1. Why do you use feature selection?
 2. What is the effect on the coefficients of logistic regression if two predictors are highly correlated? What are the confidence             intervals of the coefficients?
 3. What’s the difference between Gaussian Mixture Model and K-Means?
 4. How do you pick k for K-Means?
 5. How do you know when Gaussian Mixture Model is applicable?
 6. Assuming a clustering model’s labels are known, how do you evaluate the performance of the model?
 7. What’s an example of a machine learning project you’re proud of?
 8. Choose any machine learning algorithm and describe it.
 9. Describe how Gradient Boosting works.
 10. Data Mining Describe the decision tree model.
 11. Data Mining What is a neural network?
 12. Explain the Bias-Variance Tradeoff
 13. How do you deal with unbalanced binary classification?
 14. What’s the difference between L1 and L2 regularization?
 15. What sort features could you give an Uber driver to predict if they will accept a ride request or not? What supervised learning          algorithm would you use to solve the problem and how would compare the results of the algorithm?
 16. Name and describe three different kernel functions and in what situation you would use each.
 17. Describe a method used in machine learning.
 18. How do you deal with sparse data?
 19. How do you prevent overfitting?
 20. How do you deal with outliers in your data?
 21. How do you analyze the performance of the predictions generated by regression models versus classification models?
 22. How do you assess logistic regression versus simple linear regression models?
 23. What’s the difference between supervised learning and unsupervised learning?
 24. What is cross-validation and why would you use it?
 25. What’s the name of the matrix used to evaluate predictive models?
 26. What relationships exist between a logistic regression’s coefficient and the Odds Ratio?
 27. What’s the relationship between Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and Linear & Quadratic Discriminant Analysis (LDA & QDA)
 28. If you had a categorical dependent variable and a mixture of categorical and continuous independent variables, what algorithms,          methods, or tools would you use for analysis?
 29. Business Analytics What’s the difference between logistic and linear regression? How do you avoid local minima?
 30. What data and models would would you use to measure attrition/churn? How would you measure the performance of your models?
 31. Explain a machine learning algorithm as if you’re talking to a non-technical person.
 32. How would you build a model to predict credit card fraud?
 33. How do you handle missing or bad data?
 34. How would you derive new features from features that already exist?
 35. If you’re attempting to predict a customer’s gender, and you only have 100 data points, what problems could arise?
 36. Suppose you were given two years of transaction history. What features would you use to predict credit risk?
 37. Design an AI program for Tic-tac-toe
 38. Explain overfitting and what steps you can take to prevent it.
 39. Why does SVM need to maximize the margin between support vectors?
 
## Machine Learning Codes



* Multiple Linear Regression: Predicting House Prices [**Question**](https://github.com/Ashoklathwal/Machine-Learning/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20Codes/predicting-house-prices.pdf) [**Solution**](https://github.com/Ashoklathwal/Machine-Learning/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20Codes/multipleLinearRegrassion.py)
* Polynomial Regression: Office Prices [**Question**](https://github.com/Ashoklathwal/Machine-Learning/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20Codes/predicting-office-space-price.pdf) [**Solution**](https://github.com/Ashoklathwal/Machine-Learning/blob/master/Machine%20Learning%20Codes/polynomialRegression.py)

